The Joe Rogan experience who goes in there?
Well, people are liking me. Clint, Eastwood's gone. He's not really a member.
Look.
Look, is it fun? Look, it's.
2,700 Acres. It was shut up by mark Twain.
And it was a liberal deal for like hookers and engages and just everything else.
Just big.
What'd you say [inaudible] gate. Okay, dude. So no.
I'm saying, if you go back to like the 1870s, when mark Twain set up,
it was classically liberal, it was partying. It was there on 27 acres.
It was saloons. They brought in female hookers. There was gay guys in there,
everything. It was just,
it was Bahamian groves where they call it that cause people do whatever they
wanted and it was, it was,
it was open and they had like poetry and they had plays and the,
all the rest of it, then by the time of Howard Taft became president,
the Republicans basically bought it.
So the reason it's important is the Republicans go there too.
Like they ship in all of these private hookers, all these jets land nearby,
but they also have a lot of gay sex,
which they use them to basically compromise people into the cult.
And so there's a lot of gay sex. How do you know this? Uh,
it came out of news articles. No one ever got footage of it.
I was in there for one day. I snuck in at people. I looked good back down.
They hit on me a lot. I had like people I recognize from TV Walker. Right?
Let's go right now. I mean, it's a big gay hookup deal for Republicans.
I'm just telling you where it is. And then, and then they've got this,
this ritual, that's only the feeder group.
So I'm sitting there during the ritual and I'm going, Hey, this is pretty cool.
And she go shut up. I'll kill you. And they're all taking it very seriously.
And I'm not saying it's a gay thing. I'm saying something that you.
Were saying it was cool. And people were getting angry that you were saying.
No, I mean, I was just quietly going, oh, this is really interesting.
And I'm like, shut off. This is a very important ritual.
And they were taking it very serious.
As hers comes in with the body of a child that is an effigy.
They're not just a bundle of sticks. Right? Well, it looks like a kid later,
others infiltrated later that worked there and got his photos of it's image of a
kid. It's a little kid. Cause Molokini.
In, in, in biblical is who they sacrifice the Canaanites bull.
But they do it as an owl, but it calls an Aliya. But that's from the Bible.
As you would sacrifice a child to give not your children to the fires of mullet.
And.
So I've, I've given it to experts in religious history. It's not even, you know,
from Christian perspective, it's a foul,
Stijn deal mixed with Babylonian and religious stuff from,
yeah. It's quick. Look at that. Look at that.
Owl God and look at the fire underneath. Yeah. And there's Ronald Reagan. I.
Mean, if you saw that,
if you were in the woods and you just saw that you would be terrified.
And Richard Nixon said,
Richard Nixon on the Richard Nixon tape says it's a gay orgy.
Richard Nixon said they could pull up. Richard Nixon talks about, yeah.
Richard Nixon said something about it where he most faggy thing you've ever
seen. I think it's, I think it's just allowing.
Not that it gets gets what, a thing. I think it's.
Guys that aren't gay that are, that are,
that engage them in the acts in the woods.
And then they have something on each other similar to Epstein's island.
Where it's, that's what, it's a rich, it's a, it's a,
it's like a fraternity doing that. You got to scrub.
Pause it. Hold on a second. What is this here? They don't allow women. No,
it says.
Founded 1872 by a group of male.
That's the context that YouTube talking about Bohemian Grove.
This is the title of the video I told you founded 18 Richard Nixon Grove.
Most faggy, thing he could ever imagine. Yeah. Yes.
Play it a hundred percent. Play it. I want to hear the Nixon tapes. Yeah.
Let me hear this.
[Inaudible] California.
[inaudible] class is that way. [inaudible]
[inaudible].
Let's go. Crowd goes in there. It's just terrible. Okay. So.
We are, did the owl and the, uh, it's interesting in it.
I don't know how seriously they take it. I mean, that's a real question, right?
I mean the whole gate things are side issue, right? The point is,
is that I've talked to people that, I mean, according to Ted Gunderson,
first time I ever heard about this was from this former high-level FBI agent who
was with the FBI director, but he wouldn't go along with corruption.
So he wasn't it's on record Gunnerson, almost picking up that record.
He blew up.
Like the things like the Franklin scandal.
And he's been a he's a finders and the [inaudible], which was huge, which would
, the CIA was caught trafficking. The, you know, the finders is a cult. It
was called trafficking children. And the CIA squashed the Florida.
A and the Gunderson got it raided in, in DC.
And it's not a whole CIA facility with a snuff films.
Every relax machine. So he told me.
About all this and I thought he was crazy. Even.
Though he was Ted Gunderson, you told us about it.
And we actually pulled up one of those stories and I was correct. Yes,
you're correct. Yes. Thank you. So.
Ted Gunderson is the reason I know about this. And he said,
he said that they get people interested with, with, with that ritual.
Most there's like 2000 members that bring about a thousand guests.
Not everybody can bring a guest. I want the head of each Canterbury, a guest.
Most of them are nice clinics. What goes there? You know,
Kenny Glover goes there, but it's an all male.
Deal. Who's the other one? Danny Glover. Oh, Danny Glover.
Has mentioned who's the weapon, Danny glass on there. How the is he in there?
They probably liked them from the most a fun guy. I saw him when I was there.
I saw Danny. Interesting.
I'm starting to believe this is not I'm sorta believe we can get it.
I'm sorta believe it's not that Joe.
Rogan they'd have him in immediately. I mean,
not now do a podcast in front of the owl. Hmm.
But I just want to say that overall,
I started out as a truly artsy liberal thing that I think is good.
I think guys deserve to go off to the woods. Like we've done since humans,
humans, and partying and whatever. Right. And so, and so,
but the thing is then the weird skull.
Here's what happened about 1900 skull and bones.
That was at a Yale in new Haven, Connecticut. That was a German death cult.
It took over Bohemian Grove.
And that's when they shut up that as the central deal.
So it's this big inviting fun party. What happens.
Is going bones.
Cause that's one of other rumors about scoping boss minimize you.
I know they compromise you so that you were always a part of this organization.
Before he died. I did multiple interviews with Anthony Sutton,
the top congressional advisor to Senator Frank Church.
And we only know about Sutton because Charlotte is Herby whose father was high
level still. And bones gave him all of their internal manuals.
And she's been a frequent guy. She's retired, America's secret establishment.
And an introduction to the order of skull and bones. Yes. Okay. And so.
This is, this is a Russell trust, uh,
true Illuminati Illuminati set up 1776 to counter our revolution by Adam
Hobbit funds, the Jacobins, it funds the French revolution. It's the,
it's the opposite of a true egalitarian open liberal revolution.
It's the leftist always say that the liberal,
liberal and leftist are two different deals. Leftist is left-hand past Satanism.
Liberalism is a galitary and open society, true liberalism.
And so the left-hand path set this up and then they wanted,
they sent all this opium money.
They had over in 1831 to Yale to
set up a German secret society of the Illuminati,
which then has become one of the dominant secret societies.
And in there that you actually say tannic rituals, they get in a coffins. Uh,
they, they, they do simulated human sacrifices.
They have gay sex as part of the ritual. They, they, they bathe in, uh,
huge facilities of feces. Uh, this was,
this was a made by Robert de Niro made a movie.
Skull and bones. They're doing that stuff now. Absolutely.
I don't mind broke into it, but wow.
Who's the, how can this be proven?
Well, Matt Damon made a movie called the good shepherd, I think. Yes. And,
and in that it's Robert DeNiro directed it. Okay.
And that's super accurate where it's got the sword and the dabble and they're in
there in these big vats of Calvin.
They did leak a Facebook of photo album of a bunch of skull and bones,
kids hand on a deer island. It kind of looked like losers. I know,
I know they're not, but they kind of looked like loose. I mean,
it was kind of like a barrel billionaires look like losers.
They look like it may. You were like, these are the, these are the Illuminati.
It was kind of like, oh, I totally agree with you. Yeah. For ABC news,
because they wanted to get Bush in trouble right before the 2004 election,
another frat was able to,
because they're all doing this crap shoot video down into it,
where they're going devil equals death, Satan. And they had girls.
They finally brought it into the membership who was all boys before sacrificing.
So of course it's idiotic, it's training wheels for what they do.
But inside they go grave, Rob, they've got Geronimo street. Yeah.
The George H w Bush stole, supposedly stole Geronimo skull.
You got to do things like, I don't know if that, but that's a route.
That's a legend rumor. Well.
I it's been broken into I one time the police went in there, but the point is,
is that skull and bones order 3, 2,
2 is the Illuminati Germanic death called that.
Now set up chapters all over the U S and it took over Bahamian Grove around
1900. And so that's why Bohemian Grove is still this artisan, you know,
deal of artist.
But then it got co-opted by the Republican party and sculling boats and Helmut
Schmidt, German chancellor wrote men and powers a political retrospect.
What he retired in the late eighties saying,
I love our Illuminati rituals that we have in Germany and our own sacred groves.
But I think they've taken it to a new level with skull and bones at Bohemian
Grove. And I really enjoyed the time we have there.
So these are just these elite institutions where it's,
I think they seek to like create a close friends amongst people that may not
know each other, create loyalty amongst this group of people.
They've got to tell them all the things that you gotta tell them,
all the sexual history, all that stuff.
They want these people to be loyal to each other. So when they,
they're not loyal to the laws of America, they're loyal to this,
this oath that they take with each other, and exactly.
Like the team America.
Yep. Descendants Sue's skull and bones overdrawn.
Those bones documents show George H. Bush and George W. Bush, his grandfather,
Rob Geronimo's grave members, uh, members of the secret society,
allegedly steal valuable things and put them in tomb. Great.
Grandson says Jeronimo should be burned,
buried in accordance with the tradition.
Federal law protects native Americans rights to their family members remains.
And let's expand on that. What he just said, there's this guy's done.
He's studying. It's like, it's like a team America. When the head guy goes,
the only person who's ever said, no, no, nobody says he goes, suck. My, Gary.
It's not about sex in skull and bones and Bohemian Grove.
What he said is most of these guys are not gay. It's an act of dominance. Like,
oh, you're a Senator. You want to be president bend over.
And like a former president screws you in the. And that's what they do. I mean,
the ritual is I'm in charge, bend over. Well.
Isn't that a thing with fraternities anyway, like hazing is on a cracker.
Exactly.
You know, what's the next deal. Yeah. But most people.
Are fraternity. I mean, these are the top kids.
These are kids that they think are going to occupy leadership positions.
In the world and often do often do, let me give you an example.
Even Jon Ronson saw the photo of me when we snuck into and Grove. Yeah. And,
and they had it hanging in and people said, why don't get a video?
I have a camera hidden right here. It's Henry Kissinger, Ben,
over in a woman's dress, sticking his fingers in his. Bill Clinton in a.
Blue dress with Jeff in Jeffrey Epstein's house.
Yeah. But that's just an artist's rendition. Do you know that?
That was just an artist. Maybe.
This was an artist rendition we're in a clubhouse Ronson wrote about this. Oh,
suit. It's a photo or it, it like a photo, but let's just say it's a painting.
I don't know. I wasn't mean it's ancient memory 20 years ago, 20 plus, you know,
but I mean, Ron says like, look at that. I'm like, oh, is that Kissinger? Yeah.
And it's Kissinger. It's all about being improper.
And then they all go get caught to compromise each other, to be in the club,
right. To hazing so.
That they can trust each other. Cause they're all doing. Yes. Even if it's.
An artist's rendition. Why is Jeffrey Epstein having in his townhouse?
A picture of the president in a blue dress because the president.
Flew in his that's what.
I that's what I mean. Yeah. And by the way,
his name Maxwell is now come out in court is getting no attention. Okay.
Clinton did fly to that island that broke four days ago. It's gotten zero.
Tips. They're not paying,
they're not paying it till we haven't heard anything other than those court
documents that just came.
Out. And I told you, listen, guys, it's not like, I'm even that special.
My mom's brother was a famous helicopter pilot in Vietnam,
running black ops into Laos and Cambodia and stuff. And then he,
I shouldn't tell these stories, but no one's ever heard this stuff.
But you know, I remember growing up, him telling me this stuff and it was,
it was true. Like they were like, I'm not going to do it.
No problem. I just can't do it. What's the danger. You said so much. Uh, well,
I mean, let's just say he took the fall for something that was going on.
He didn't get in trouble for it. He got promoted and he was involved in Iran,
Contra.
And that's how people get promoted.
They fell upward by taking a lot of times to blame for something.
Or this is that's like.
I grew up. I mean, I grew up not just him, but other family, you know, that was,
it. Wasn't like something special, you know?
But those Navy seal guys got a security, done, a bunch of crazy stuff.
That's what our military does. It's not what you hear on the news. And, and,
and it it's just completely out of control stuff. Right. And I mean,
my uncle told me, he said, he said, yeah, I don't.
I got out of working for these groups and everything. Uh, as you know,
an army officer that was sheep dip, he wasn't there. We went there.
He wasn't wearing an army uniform. He was, yeah. We were talking,
high-level talking, running the real stuff, like special ops. He was in charge.
He'd like to command basic Guatemala city. Right?
Cause he was like a top Morse code guy. Of course he had satellites,
but nobody could read the sports code coded.
So he was sending stuff to the white house Moore's coat. Like he was like,
when he was a kid, he was a champion wars killer. So he wasn't just in command.
He was like running all the stuff. And uh,
he just said I had to do it because he said it was kids being smuggled out of
orphanages by the CIA for sex option. DC.
Jesus told me that. He told me that when he was dying of pneumonia, Jesus.
No. What is it with kids? Why Selena compromised people? It's the.
It's the energy to, I mean, if somebody will hurt kids,
if somebody will hurt kids, they'll.
Do anything.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.